README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

chore: updates metadata and README

README.md, after:

![Application screenshot](/screenshot.png)

# About

This application solves the classic newsvendor problem via gradient-based stochastic optimization.

The newsvendor problem is given as:

```math
\underset{x}{\mathrm{max}}\,\, \mathbb{E} \left[F(x, W)\right] = \underset{x}{\mathrm{max}}\,\,\mathbb{E}\left[p\,\mathrm{min}(x, W) - cx \right]\,,
```

where $x$ is the order quantity of a perishable product (e.g., a newspaper), $W$ is the random demand, $p$ is the price at which we sell the product and $c$ is the cost at which we buy the product.

In the application, we assume that the demand distribution is unknown and employ a stochastic search algorithm as follows:

```math
x_{n+1} = \mathrm{max} \left[0, x_n + \alpha \frac{\mathrm{d} F(x, W_{n+1})}{\mathrm{d}x}\bigg|_{x=x_n} \right]\,,
```

where $\alpha$ is a step size. In the application, three different step size rules are implemented.

For further references, check out the excellent textbooks by W. B. Powell on sequential decision analytics:

- [Sequential decision analytics and modelling](https://castle.princeton.edu/sdamodeling/)
- [Reinforcement Learning and Stochastic Optimization: A unified framework for stochastic optimization](https://castle.princeton.edu/RLSO/)
